skip presto view parsing (#211)
HotelsDotCom/waggle-dance: CHANGELOG.md

## [3.9.1] - TBD
### Fixed
* Null pointer exception when creating a metastore tunnel by adding a check for null `configuration-properties`.

> * Fixing issue where Presto view are cannot be parsed resulting in errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixing issue where Presto views cannot be parsed resulting in errors.
```
